shut up hey man what's up
Ian what there's a ghost in my house
dude get off oh yeah
nice watch gaywad thanks mans Reptar see
I told you there was a ghost Anthony I'm
getting really tired of childish games
more men and men don't get scared over
little noises now let's do some manly
stuff you with me or not yeah let's do
some manly stuff yeah is your person Joe
no damn it is your person a woman
yes or no I thought we weren't going to
play those childish games anymore it was
the ghost I don't want to hear any more
about you and your stupid ghost and yes
my person is a woman I hate this game it
was Alfred wasn't it yeah yeah have you
ever seen a ghost no Ian what do you
even believe and no I don't believe in
ghosts
I was gonna ask you if you believe in
fairies but if you're gonna be a dick
about it goodbye
okay okay I heard it that time really
yeah
how do we get rid of it okay I'm ready
all right so when the ghost is revealed
ask it what it wants from us okay
what am I supposed to say three times
unique New York
right unique New York unique you dorky
Nick mm-hmm unique New York unique you
know you're not hanging right I can't
say it and it's like a tongue twister or
something you try it
unique New York unique New York unique
New York
all right are you a ghost no I'm a
robber
let's give me all your money I'm just
kidding I am a ghost guys it's cool I'm
a Friendly Ghost then why were you
haunting us what are you talking about I
wasn't haunting anybody then what was
that loud that we heard earlier oh no
man I'll tell you what that noise was I
was thirsty so I went to the
refrigerator to get some OJ then I put
him back in the refrigerator I got some
orange juice wait but what about that
noise oh that no no some idiot left
their bag in the middle of the room I
stub my toe on Oh Oh what about it
gobo hey mom
oh really I love chicken potpie yeah
I'll be over soon bye love you too mom
all right guys it was nice talking to
y'all uh I gotta jet wait what was that
noise you made while we were in our
sleeping bags sounded like I never made
that noise